good afternoon dear spectrum water
dear motorists want you today
tell about how to change the rear
stabilizer's pole
here they are and not unlike the front
the same
front I do not know how the right is different
or left only by marking
pink stripes but behind and back
same so much easier here
all this at first glance so the first
need to remove the wheel
now he replaced the drum not the drum
let's see cleaned the pads because
oxygen
crashes easily with something that seems crooked
before we do here you need a key for 14
unscrew this nut
euro here is a problem and the trick is covered
that having unscrewed this bolt after them
it is easy to disconnect and here in the bottom
make herself thrust thrust befall
minutes here here is the nut 14 but here
here inside under the anther
a nut on 15 and accordingly if you
will twist if you have nothing
soured so then we have the bone itself
it will scroll accordingly
will twist twist twist at you
nothing will be disabled will
rotate easily but perform that soured
the bolt on the owl cat soured but it is not
Here is either a key for 15 or like
me here is such a device
Michal unscrewing
the upper one was not already free flight
once the same bones of the streets mass
layout stand clamped
either included 15 or here such
what such things
what I do not know how to back
so I won't lie to the pliers either
something else yes squeezed accordingly easy
unscrewed already about that help yourself
as I said, here it is, bunny
1514 why video on 15 and respectively
the nut on sours start to rotate it
tacos begins to rotate because not
clamp this one clamp it easily
accordingly flies here hold
here the fever rotates with the main
Eat Kirov will pass Gadget will
the same if the thread blockade is logical and
nothing complicated about it all
Elementary local underwater stone is
What you need is a key for 15 or whatever
a way to hold the gadget a long time 15
is located on the very stones of the successful
repair